Release notes for FIPS 140-2 (#1783)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: release_notes/topics/21_0_0.adoc

The `IS_CLIENT_ROLE` searchable field from the `RoleModel` was deprecated. It
should be replaced with the `CLIENT_ID` searchable field used with the operators
`EXISTS` or `NOT_EXISTS`. See JavaDoc of Keycloak 21 for more details.

= FIPS 140-2 preview support

> FIPS 140-2 support in Keycloak, which was experimental in the previous release, is now promoted to preview. There was lots of fixes and polishing done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FIPS 140-2 support in Keycloak, which was experimental in the previous release, is now promoted to preview. There were many fixes and improvements to create this preview version.
```
